fix(15667) app failed alert (#343)
giantswarm/prometheus-meta-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - Fix `ManagementClusterAppFailed` and `WorkloadClusterAppFailed` to page balo only for the components they own

Reviewer: Is `balo` `=` `ba(tman) + (ha)lo`?

Author: Yep

Reviewer 2: This is confusing IMO, I would like to clearly state halo and batman instead for clearer understanding from everyone.

```suggestion
- Fix `ManagementClusterAppFailed` and `WorkloadClusterAppFailed` to page batman and halo only for the components they own
```
